# Ultimate Weight Journal 

This app is in development. This app is the final for Southern New Hampshire Universty CS-360 Moblie Architect and Programming.

The requirements and goals of this application was to create a login database that allowed the user to access their personal databases that stored their weights. This database would be displayed in a grid view for the user to easiuly create, delete, update, or read. The next requirement was to develop a permission request that would allow the application to send SMS notifications to the users mobile phone.

The screens that were required to develop a successful UI was four different screens. The first was a login screen, second was a screen used to create an account, third was their users home page that stored the database for the weight data, fourth was the SMS permissions screen. The UI design kept users in mind by attempting to create a simple and easy to use UI. This creates a UI that is easy to learn and understand. This prevents extended use to learn the functions of each screen or features. I believe my designs were successful in the design phase because it clearly creates an easy to use and understand UI. However the functionality of the weight screen and create an account screen has some functionality issues.

I approached coding this app based on out textbook examples and further tutorials on YouTube. The different techniques I used was consistent indentation and simple coding. Along with these I made sure to comment each class or function. These strategies will be used in the future becasue they keep code organized and understandable to others who did not develop the code.

I tested each screen and was successful with the login and SMS screens. However I was not able to test if the app was sending SMS to actual mobile phone numbers. I tested these pages by going through the app and ensuring login creditenals and SMS permissions were processing through the app correctly or giving the appropriate notification. The weight screen was successful in displaying a grid for weight data, however I was not successful in store the weight data inputted. I beleive this is because I was unsuccessful on creating a database shell for different accounts. The bug that is in the create an account screen is the fact that dupilcate usernames can exist but not duplicate usernames and passwords. In a real login activity, dubplicate usernames cannot exist.

One of the challenges I was able to succesfully overcome was creating the login database. I attempted three different ways to produce an SQLite database and was finally able to deploy and create one from a YouTube tutorial.
